add shared BlogEndingSection component (#136)
dagster-io/dagster-website: components/BlogFooter.mdx

> We're always happy to hear your feedback, so don't hesitate to reach out to us! If you have any questions, ask them in the Dagster community slack ([join here](https://dagster.io/slack)!) or a [Github discussion](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/discussions). If you run into any bugs, let us know with a [Github issue](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/issues/new/choose). And if you're interested in working with us, check out our [open roles](https://www.elementl.com/careers#open_roles)!
> 
> **Follow us:**
> 
> - 🌟 [Star us on Github](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster)!

Reviewer: nits:
```suggestion
We're always happy to hear your feedback, so please reach out to us! If you have any questions, ask them in the Dagster community Slack ([join here](https://dagster.io/slack)!) or start a [Github discussion](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/discussions). If you run into any bugs, let us know with a [Github issue](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/issues/new/choose). And if you're interested in working with us, check out our [open roles](https://www.elementl.com/careers#open_roles)!

**Follow us:**

- 🌟 [Star us on Github](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster)
```
